Feature: Display products.

Condition: 
1. Enough information is displayed to identify each object.
2. All of the information displayed is relevant only to the object that it represents.
3. Objects are displayed in an organized matter.

 — As a User, I can access the storefront.
— As a User, I can identify objects on the storefront by name and image.

Feature: Display product details

Condition:
1. A new activity is opened to display object’s details.
2. The views show relevant information to what the user clicked.
3. Information matches object’s details.

- As a User, I can select an item to get more details.

Feature: Swipe to browse items
Conditions:
1. When user is in detail view, they can swipe to move to next/previous item in list.
2. Items in list must be relevant to search parameters.
3. User can’t swipe out of range of the list.

— As a User, I can swipe to navigate to other item details.
— As a User, I can browse items that are relevant to my search.

Feature: Add to shopping cart
Conditions:
1. Add item to shopping cart singleton.
2. Notify user that item was added to shopping cart.

—As a User, I can add an item to my shopping cart.

Feature: Manipulate shopping cart
Conditions:
1. Shopping cart page can be reached.
2. Once at shopping cart page items in shopping cart are displayed in an organized manner.
3. Items can be removed when swiped or long-pressed.
4. Display and actual shopping cart content are updated.
5. Notify user item is removed.

- As a user, I can remove items from my shopping cart.
- As  a user, I can view my shopping cart.
- As a user, I can resume shopping without my cart emptying after going back to storefront.

Feature: Checkout
Conditions:
1. The total price and each charge is clearly displayed and represented.
2. Ability to pay for and checkout items.
3. Empty and update shopping cart after checking out.
4. Notify user that the transaction went through correctly.

—As a user, I can see how much my total will be.
- As a user, I can pay for/checkout my items.

Feature: Searchability
Condition:
1. Clear interface to allow user to input search parameters.
2. Take in search parameters to retrieve relevant information.
3. Refresh storefront display to show user only items that are relevant to the search parameters.
4. Have some method of reverting the storefront display to show all objects again.

- As a user, I can narrow my search by name or description text.
- As  a user, I can reset my search to view all other items. 
